This specification should use the following name and parameters:

- name: ShutdownHook_UnsafeAWTCall
- parameters: Thread t

Use this exact name consistently throughout the generated JSON.
Keep the parameter list exactly as shown.

This property is described as a finite-state behavior with explicit states and transitions.

The monitored events involved in this property are:

1) register is a creation event observed before the call. It takes Thread t as parameter and matches:
   call(* Runtime+.addShutdownHook(..)) && args(t)

2) unregister is a creation event observed before the call. It takes Thread t as parameter and matches:
   call(* Runtime+.removeShutdownHook(..)) && args(t)

3) start is a event observed before the call. It takes Thread t as parameter and matches:
   startThread() && thread(t)

The FSM structure is the following:

The execution begins in the state unregistered.

From unregistered, register moves it to registered.

When the monitor is in registered, unregister moves it to unregistered and start moves it to started.

When the monitor is in started, awtcall moves it to unsafe.

When the monitor is in unsafe, awtcall keeps it in unsafe.

In plain terms, this property means:

The monitored execution starts in the state 'unregistered'. The property distinguishes the following states: unregistered, registered, started, unsafe. The behavior evolves through the occurrence of these events: register, unregister, start. The property describes unsafe behavior that must not be reached during execution. Semantically, the monitored rule is about the following condition: An operation that potentially leads to deadlocks was performed in a shutdown hook.

Any execution that does not follow this transition behavior, or that reaches an invalid behavior according to the rule below, must be treated as a violation.

The violation message that must appear in the JSON output is:

"An operation that potentially leads to deadlocks was performed in a shutdown hook."

The generated JSON must include the field:

"domain": "lang"

Return ONLY the IR JSON.
